DOCS-2550: Add from one machine to many how-to (#3201)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/fleet/fragments.md

>   - /fleet/configure-a-fleet/

Reviewer: Please also consider what here now needs to be removed. I don't want a followup ticket for that

Author: done

---

> {{< cards >}}

Reviewer: I think this needs to have some intro

Author: eh?
```suggestion
_This page contains reference information.
For a how-to guide, click here:_

{{< cards >}}
```

Author: Or, a la data capture:
```suggestion
Get started with a how-to guide or keep reading for more details.

{{< cards >}}
```

Reviewer: I think the second but maybe after line 39?

Author: Okay. Adding a heading back in too for less confusion.

If you attempt to delete a fragment that is currently deployed to a machine, you will receive an error message advising that the fragment is in use, but you can still delete the fragment if desired.
You can see the number of machines using your fragment from the [fragments page](https://app.viam.com/fragments) in the Viam app.

You must be an [organization owner](/cloud/rbac/#permissions) to create fragments associated with a given organization.

A fragment can define one, several, or all resources on a machine.
You can add multiple fragments to a single machine, and you can add additional resources to a machine that has already been configured with a fragment.

## Create and use a fragment

Get started with this how-to guide:

{{< cards >}}
{{% card link="/use-cases/one-to-many/" %}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Modify the config of a machine that uses a fragment

When you add a fragment to a machine, the configuration of components and services included in a fragment are _read-only_.
Any changes made by overwriting them do not change the fragment itself.

If you need to make changes to all machines that use a fragment, you must modify the fragment itself.

> If you need to modify the config of just one machine that uses a fragment, you have two options:
> 
> - Use `fragment_mods` in your machine's config to overwrite certain fields of the fragment.
> - Copy and paste the contents of the fragment, remove the link to the fragment itself, then modify the config as needed.
>   - If you use this method, future updates to the fragment _will not_ be automatically pushed to your machine.

Reviewer: Let's just remove it please. The old way was a hack. I am reasonably certain we no longer want to do this:

```suggestion
If you need to modify the config of one or a few machines that use a fragment, you can overwrite fields of the fragment.
```

Reviewer: Please also remove https://docs-test.viam.dev/3201/fleet/fragments/#copy-and-paste-method

If you attempt to delete a fragment that is currently deployed to a machine, you will receive an error message advising that the fragment is in use, but you can still delete the fragment if desired.
You can see the number of machines using your fragment from the [fragments page](https://app.viam.com/fragments) in the Viam app.

You must be an [organization owner](/cloud/rbac/#permissions) to create fragments associated with a given organization.

A fragment can define one, several, or all resources on a machine.
You can add multiple fragments to a single machine, and you can add additional resources to a machine that has already been configured with a fragment.

## Modify the config of a machine that uses a fragment

> The configuration of components and services included in a fragment are _read-only_.
> Likewise, when you modify the fragment itself, any changes are pushed to all machines that use that fragment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add a fragment to a machine, the configuration of components and services included in a fragment are _read-only_.
Any changes made by overwriting them do not change the fragment itself.

If you need to make changes to all machines that use a fragment, you must modify the fragment itself.
```
I think this makes more sense? The likewise really confuses me

Author: Yes, thank you! It made a bit more sense in the original but with the automatic overwrites you're right this makes much more sense.

If you need to modify the config of just one machine that uses a fragment, you have two options:

- Use `fragment_mods` in your machine's config to overwrite certain fields of the fragment.
- Copy and paste the contents of the fragment, remove the link to the fragment itself, then modify the config as needed.

>   - If you use this method, future updates to the fragment _will not_ be automatically pushed to your machine.

Reviewer: I think possibly this is not an option we should highlight. We only did this as a workaround I think. @nataliajacobowitz what do you think?

{{% alert title="Support Notice" color="note" %}}

`fragment_mods` are _not_ supported for the modification of [trigger](/configure/triggers/) configuration.
You can create a trigger with a fragment but you cannot modify it with `fragment_mods`.

{{% /alert %}}

> ### Use `fragment_mods`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Overwrite fragments to add machine-specific modifications
```
I think overwrites is what the feature is called rather than fragment_mods. @nataliajacobowitz - thought?

Reviewer: In fact you could also remove this and the revert fragment mods titles.

5. Add any update operators you'd like to apply to the fragment to the `mods` section.
   Click to view each example:

> {{< expand "Change the name and attributes of a component" >}}

Author: Note to reviewers: I didn't change any of the expander content, just un-indented to fix formatting bug after putting this into tabbed content
